DailyUpdate version 4.6

DailyUpdate is an information integrator. It creates a custom web page from a
template HTML file with special tags, replacing those tags with dynamic
information acquired from the internet.

DailyUpdate needs LWP::UserAgent from the libwww library, URI, and
HTML::Parser. Get them from CPAN at %CPAN%/modules/by-module/LWP/.

WARNING: The use of schemas may be gone in the next version. I'm thinking of
creating an architecture in which each data acquisition schema is encoded in a
plugin. A plugin would be a Perl class/module, derived from a generic
acquisition class. If a user uses a tag that for which there is not a plugin,
a command line flag would tell DailyUpdate to try to get it from a central
repository. The downside is that it might be harder for Perl newbies to code
plugins, but HandleGeneric will still be accessible, and I might make a simple
"MakePlugin" script that walks someone through the process and automatically
generates the plugin. I would appreciate comments on these ideas.

New in version 4.6: Added notification support for new versions. Added -c flag
for user-specified configuration file. Dropped use of POSIX (for NT
compatibility.) Fixed a bug in relative to absolute link conversion.  (Thanks
to C. Harald Koch <chk@amdur.com>) URLs can now be of the format "file://...".
Added GetImages acquisition function (thanks to Tanner Lovelace
<lovelace@cs.unc.edu>). Now the %attributes hash can be referenced in the URL
or tag name of a schema--added <unitedmediacomic> tag to illustrate its use.
Made changes to the config file to support better schema design. Added "How to
Write Schemas" page at
http://www.cs.virginia.edu/~dwc3q/code/writeschemas.html. Moved to URI from
URI::URL, which is now deprecated.

New in version 4.5: Added acquisition function GetHtml. Added -i and -o flags
for input and output files. Now reads old html file only once (faster).  Added
"always" schema time option. Now checks script directory for configuration
file. Miscellaneous bug fixes, new data sources, and minor enhancements.

Written by David Coppit (coppit@cs.virginia.edu,
  http://www.cs.virginia.edu/~dwc3q/index.html)

Send me email if you would like to be notified of updates.

Please send me any modifications you make. (for the better, that is. :) Keep
in mind that I'm likely to turn down obscure features to avoid including
everything but the kitchen sink.

This code is distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL). See
http://www.opensource.org/gpl-license.html and http://www.opensource.org/.
